[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna continue catching up on
recent releases with the 2019 superhero
horror film bright burn let's get to it
we find ourselves at the Brier residence
where love is in the air the shelves are
littered with evidence of their
unfulfilled desire to conceive which is
further exemplified by them going off
business and sexting with their shirts
on this is interrupted by a distant
rumbling which is typically a good sign
that manifests in the procurement of a
baby which usually takes a little bit
longer we discovered this through home
video which then flashes us forward to
Brandon in his preteen years while
getting ready in the morning we
establish his come of age in a loving
family with reasonable rules and
expectations and that most of this is
counteracted in school where he's
ridiculed by his peers for having the
audacity to know things I mean all the
cool kids are ignorant after all that
night at his servants from the barn
calls out to him and Tory wanders out to
find Brandon trying to get into the
storm cellar he's awakened from his
waking nightmare confused and babbling
about voices Tory gets him calmed and
back in bed the next day Brandon reacts
reasonably to the idea of doing yard
work and he's actually surprised this
being both the first conscious
manifestation of his powers and
indication for him that he may be
something different since we haven't
established his limits his follow-up
experiment is fairly risky but he
manages to walk away phalanges intact
it doesn't take long for his newfound
confidence to manifest and sassy
behavior as he's gifted a hunting rifle
at his family only 12th birthday and
resents his dad for deeming it to mature
gift Kyle and Tory write this off as
typical boundary testing as they
reminisce about what they used to get
into at 12 and they end the evening with
a game of ballerina versus grizzly bear
next day before heading out on a camping
trip they stumble upon some under
mattress materials
puberty's tools of the trade which in
this case include photos of the insides
of things huh so papa waits till they're
out in the woods covered an L piss
before broaching the topic of your penis
confirming that it's okay to give in to
urges sometimes no wait what do you
think you're talking about that night he
uses his super speed to creep out his
classmate Kaitlyn before nonchalantly
returning the campsite then during the
standard PE trust exercises Kaitlyn is
to sqeezed out about what happened to do
her part in response he obliterates her
hand tori and kyle have a conversation
about his previous saamne bolused so
sure
she reveals for the first time that he
had visited it in the barn and they
converse about whether he saw its how he
knows it was there etc that evening it
summons him back to the barn
this time he removes the chain like a
rubber band and Tory comes out to find
him recording a tick-tock or whatever
the kids are up to before he falls and
his birth pot delivers the first
tangible injury he suffered his entire
life this leads him to ask some awkward
questions receiving only vague answers
in return since this is obviously their
faults he throws a fit and goes out for
an emo walk recognizing that the foreign
voices he's been hearing have been
telling him to take the world he agrees
to do so and starts by letting Kate know
she used to be his dark queen but they
obviously can't wed until her meddling
mother is out of the way so he goes and
terrorizes her at her place of work in a
scene that includes I stuff so that's
cool and ends after a display of his
various powers the next morning his
family is relieved to discover he no
longer endeavors to behave like a turd
while at the diner the sheriff is
puzzling over a violent scene with a
missing person nobody and only limited
evidence he has a counseling session
later with his aunt and we find he's on
some master-race nonsense while she's
required to report on their progress to
the sheriff and principal and her thirst
for remorse puts him in a negative
headspace he pays her a visit that night
to warn her from making a bad report
instead of just pretending to care but
she's all about professional integrity
regarding the report of course ignoring
the clear conflict of interest here so
he makes a choice and is only diverted
by the arrival of cool uncle Noah who
bought him a gun one time however after
being startled by his unexpected
appearance in his closet Noah drags him
outside and pops the squat on their
relationship the threat of tattling is
all Brandon needs to enact a slow and
horrifying death for him and then having
learned so much from the success of the
Wet Bandits he leaves his mark the
briars get the call that Noah was in a
car accident and rush off to the
hospital merely mentions off-hand as she
was visited by Brandon earlier on that
evening so they hit him with some facts
and find him unperturbed both by the
news and by their knowledge of his
alleged activity kyle immediately turns
on him getting a brief taste of his
power and then brandon walks off while
they ponder where they went wrong and
fight about the correct way to handle
the situation meanwhile at the station
sheriff Devers notices a strange marking
present at both scenes the briars
reconcile and Kyle suggests a guys-only
hunting trip to reconnect with their
wayward teen while they're away Devers
shows up to ask about the mark at the
briars residence
like her BB not really Vittorio's shook
so he knows he's on to something she
wrestled to find Brandon's notebook full
of pictures of the symbol and Patrick
Bateman style ramblings in the woods
Kyle prepares to and then makes a stupid
decision yeah you're know Papa can't
then he's like back off me Bibi but the
brain is like you didn't see herself
Kyle Tori tries to warn him but Brandon
confirms he's already gone God we're out
of existence then he starts shaking up
the joint like an ant farm
while Tory calls the authorities Devers
arrives shortly and approaches with
caution
and you know what he actually felt like
some of the strange occurrences recently
may have been the work of some sort of
super Pepsi never mind Tori shows off
her own super powers and somehow makes
it back to the barn where she discovers
Brandon's turned to crawl space and do
his new man cave she fashions the ship
from the hole of the pod then she works
to convince it as she totes still loves
him but makes too much of a show of it
resulting in him taking her on a trip to
the upper atmosphere but don't worry he
lets her go and that was bright burn a
movie maybe about decisions and
consequences but oh so maybe about doing
bad things while under the influence of
alien technology if you enjoy the video
I'd love for you to become a part of
this channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]